NH-65373: add SW_APM_TRANSACTION_NAME to configuration.md (#145)
solarwinds/apm-ruby: CONFIGURATION.md

`SW_APM_TAG_SQL` | `:tag_sql` | Enable/disable injecting trace context into supported SQL statements. Set to boolean true or (or string `true` in env var) to enable, see [Tag Query with Trace Context](#tag-query-with-trace-context) for details.| false
`SW_APM_TRIGGER_TRACING_MODE` | `:trigger_tracing_mode` | Enable/disable trigger tracing for the service.  Setting to `disabled` may impact DEM visibility into the service. | `enabled`
`SW_APM_TRUSTEDPATH` | N/A | The library uses the host system's default trusted CA certificates to verify the TLS connection to the collector. To override the default, define the trusted certificate path configuration option with an absolute path to a specific trusted certificate file in PEM format. | None

> `SW_APM_TRANSACTION_NAME` | N/A | Customize the transaction name of trace. _Predecessor order_: custom SDK > `SW_APM_TRANSACTION_NAME` > automatic naming | None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SW_APM_TRANSACTION_NAME` | N/A | Customize the transaction name for all traces, typically used to target specific instrumented lambda functions. _Precedence order_: custom SDK > `SW_APM_TRANSACTION_NAME` > automatic naming | None
```
